Christina Frazee: Hello there. Hello.
Serenna Beers: How are you
Christina Frazee: I'm okay, how are you
Serenna Beers: I'm pretty good. Thank you.
Serenna Beers: So we're here to do your bio psychosocial. It's just a series of questions. Have you ever done one of those
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. I it's just a series of questions, probably some will sound annoying, but they're just it's information that we have to ask all clients, just so we can build
Serenna Beers: A story basically so we know what services and how to better help you and to create a treatment plan and and I'll and I'll try to make it as quick as possible. It takes about 20 minutes, give, give or take, depending on
Serenna Beers: How specific that you are in your answers and stuff go give me just a second.
Serenna Beers: I will pull
Serenna Beers: A sheet. Okay. Um, so tell me what brings you to bright heart health, and why now.
Christina Frazee: I will. I'm in the boxing program and we're switching over to bright heart so
Serenna Beers: Okay, who was your
Serenna Beers: Your physician.
Christina Frazee: Well, it's Dr growth.
Christina Frazee: Okay with Suboxone yeah
Serenna Beers: Okay, and then she recently switched over to is it she or he i don't think i've met Dr groves yet.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay, and tell, tell me about your history with
Serenna Beers: Substances when were you first exposed how it progressed and then at what point was it the absolute worst
Christina Frazee: I guess I was like 14 when I started
Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: What, what, what did you use specifically
Christina Frazee: For Cameron was when I started smoking weed and then I've just used everything since then.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What was your number one.
Serenna Beers: Substance, your, your primary
Christina Frazee: Um, I'd say.
Christina Frazee: Opiates
Christina Frazee: And math.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever dealt with chronic pain.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay. Was there an event a precipitating event that had happened that led you down that path.
Christina Frazee: Um,
Christina Frazee: I guess.
Christina Frazee: I don't know, because I had to have surgery on my shoulder. So then I was on prescription medication. And then it was hard to get off of that. And then after that, I mean, there was this then I found out that I had fibromyalgia. So then it's just like
Christina Frazee: That would always be a factor into me using just to help you know to
Serenna Beers: Um,
Serenna Beers: How severe is your chronic pain now.
Christina Frazee: It's pretty bad.
Christina Frazee: I it's hard to get up in the mornings.
Christina Frazee: Morning, probably the worst.
Christina Frazee: Because I just or wake up like Stephen
Christina Frazee: Yes, me and I feel like my hand or Swan and stuff like that so
Serenna Beers: Makes it. Do you find that it's speaking of pain. I'm trying to get comfortable right now.
Serenna Beers: Do you find that as you get up and you move and you move around that, that it starts to let up a little bit.
Christina Frazee: Yeah yeah
Christina Frazee: Um, it also comes with like I have really bad like fatigue and stuff like that, and I'll get tired really easily. I feel like I need more sleep than the average person, but by
Christina Frazee: No means
Serenna Beers: You know everybody's different. There are those folks who which I don't know how they manage but you know can go off of three to four hours of sleep. Some can go off of five to six hours of sleep.
Serenna Beers: There actually are some folks that really honestly their body needs more along the lines of eight or nine or 10
Serenna Beers: You know, and so I mean, everybody's different. How are you sleeping.
Christina Frazee: I think good
Christina Frazee: I slept pretty good I I don't move in. So that just kills me in the morning.
Christina Frazee: Because I don't like I sleep really soundly. When I do sleep. Um, so I don't move. So then I wake up and I'm really sick so
Serenna Beers: Ah, and you pretty much sleep through the night. I mean, once you're down. Are you out.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: What about. Have you had any prior treat treat treat treatment prior to bright her health and I know you said that you've been with
Serenna Beers: Dr groves, but like, have you had any past history, whether in a residential setting or in another outpatient setting. Have you had any other either mental health or substance abuse.
Serenna Beers: No history. No. Okay. What about, do you have a history of suicidal ideation and and and that's not you know within in 10 have a plan.
Serenna Beers: To carry it out. But have you ever, like in the throes of you're in the throes of your addiction felt like, you know, maybe I'm just better off if I'm not here. I mean, have you had those types of thoughts.
Christina Frazee: For sure. Yeah.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: And are you currently feel. Do you currently feel that way.
Christina Frazee: No, not right now.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what about any history of wanting to harm another person. Have you ever had those types of thoughts.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. And you've never like experienced any any self harm by means of either cutting or anything like like that.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about what it was like growing up. What, what was your, your family life like specifically. Like, were you adopted. Were you raised by both parents with parents and step parents did you have brothers and sisters are your parents still to gather
Christina Frazee: My parents were never married
Christina Frazee: There was a lot of moving around. I have two brothers one and a half, brothers, so
Christina Frazee: Many years younger than me and then I have a full fledged brother. That's two years younger than me.
Christina Frazee: And there's a lot of moving around are in foster homes a lot or staying at my toes or campground and
Christina Frazee: My mother still alive. My father's passed away, I'm
Christina Frazee: Sorry, it's just not very good. So
Serenna Beers: We're, we're mom and dad involved in the type of drugs at all. Uh, did they have mental mental health issues.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, they were involved in drugs and there was abuse by my father's so
Serenna Beers: Physical abuse or you mean
Christina Frazee: There was sexual abuse and physical abuse my brother sexual abuses towards me so
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever saw any type of help for that trauma.
Christina Frazee: I'm not really, no. No.
Serenna Beers: Okay, for, for how long did. Did that go on for in from what age to to what age.
Christina Frazee: I don't really. I don't remember it's, I don't really remember much of my childhood, up until the age of 12 I think I just, I don't know, I can't really pull you
Serenna Beers: Might have blocked it out.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, I don't know, I can't remember anything myself.
Serenna Beers: But you knew that there was the sexual abuse because of was it stories that you had heard or
Christina Frazee: I just remember waking up one night and it happening. And so I don't really know how long it was going on for because there was other stuff that was going on that. Now, I realized that wasn't OK.
Christina Frazee: You know, we mean
Christina Frazee: That I thought was
Christina Frazee: We fine and so i don't i don't know how long the actual sexual abuse is going on. I just remember waking up one night and him in my bed. No.
No. Okay.
Serenna Beers: That's really rough. I'm so sorry to hear that.
Serenna Beers: What about your
Serenna Beers: siblings did any of them struggle with the substance abuse or mental health. No.
Christina Frazee: No, my brother. That's two years younger than me. He dealt with the the
Christina Frazee: Physical abuse from my father, but he seems totally fine. I don't know.
Serenna Beers: Huh. Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about any other addictive type be saviors like gambling or working excessively sexual addiction food addiction. Did anybody experience any of that you are any
Serenna Beers: Family members. No.
No.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about what school was like for you. Specifically, like how far did. Did you go in school did you struggle at any point in time with learning disabilities.
Christina Frazee: And there's no learning disabilities. I only went I finished 11th grade. I didn't graduate high school
Christina Frazee: Fourth grade but didn't graduate
Christina Frazee: But there was no learning disabilities or anything.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what about. Were there any events during, during that school time that stood out
Serenna Beers: For you growing up like I either in your neighborhood or with childhood friends or family, family members, was there any specific events that just kind of stand out for you.
Christina Frazee: No.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. What about. Have you ever served in the military.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any fight any financial or legal issues that you are king concerned about today.
No.
Serenna Beers: Are you currently in a relationship.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you feel that's a healthy one. At this time, do you, do you feel it, it's good and it supports what you're trying trying trying to do for yourself.
Serenna Beers: No. No. Okay.
Serenna Beers: How long have you been in this relationship.
Christina Frazee: Almost a year.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any kids.
Christina Frazee: I have two kids. Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay, do they live, do they live with you.
Christina Frazee: Know, okay.
Serenna Beers: And who do you currently live with.
Christina Frazee: My boyfriend.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: I know I'm it's like I'm asking you a question, after question. Huh.
Serenna Beers: Let me see. I want to check something really quick because I want to see if I was assigned as your primary counselor.
Serenna Beers: So bear with me real quick here.
Serenna Beers: Can you still see my face.
Serenna Beers: Yeah okay because I didn't know when when I exit out the screen if it actually goes if it actually goes away.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay shows me as your primary therapist. Tell me, tell me what you hope to get out of being being with us. Maybe, maybe three specific goals that you want to work on.
Christina Frazee: Right now.
Know,
Serenna Beers: How are you, how do you feel right right now because you look like maybe you don't feel very good.
Christina Frazee: A little bit.
Christina Frazee: Today because
Christina Frazee: I don't know what's going on. I'm just not feeling very good at all. I had to leave work early so
Serenna Beers: Is it is it physical is it emotional to or what do you think
Christina Frazee: Physical
Christina Frazee: Like my stomach and I have a bad headache and it's not at all. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Is it possible then for you and I to meet in say another week, and just and just to kind of touch base and maybe talk about
Serenna Beers: Maybe what some of your overall goals are, you know, because being new in recovery. It's important one to stay connected and to just kind of on the information that you gave me. I feel like there's there's some things that maybe we could work on some childhood trauma.
Serenna Beers: It sounds like you know i i would like to be able to support for you and in every area as far as healthier relationships, stuff like that.
Christina Frazee: Yes.
Serenna Beers: Does that work for you.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay. Um, what about
Serenna Beers: Look at my calendar. Are you good with this time.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: All right, why don't we plan on meeting next
Serenna Beers: Wednesday at three o'clock, then
Christina Frazee: Okay, that's fine.
Serenna Beers: Does that work. Okay, so I will just I'm going to ask on here because the they transcribe this session. So I would ask that.
Serenna Beers: The virtual clinic clinic put you on my calendar, it would be for the 15th. Nope, nope, I'm sorry, that's that that's the wrong date that's two weeks out. So I'm going to ask that they put you on my calendar for April 8 at three o'clock. For an individual
Serenna Beers: Follow up session.
Serenna Beers: How does that work.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, that's good, and I'll do my goals for work on to
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Like three specific goals.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Great. Make sure that you take care of yourself, you know, rest and stuff with all this crazy stuff that's going a round.
Serenna Beers: Do you know take take extra good good care of yourself. Okay.
Serenna Beers: And I hope that you feel better and I look
Serenna Beers: forward to working with you.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, thank you. Okay, bye.
Serenna Beers: Okay, if we could add Miss Christina Frazee please to the schedule for April 8. Let's see. I want to make sure I'm right for April 8 at three o'clock PM. That would be wonderful. And I'll also follow up with a
Serenna Beers: With a
Serenna Beers: A note in Slack under scheduling. Thanks.